Update README.md (#6)
dannydeezy/mosaics: README.md

The first 512 inscriptions that satisfy the following rules will be recognized as valid Mosaics:

> - Must be a 100x100 HTML mosaic using inscriptions as tiles (recursive), following the file format generated by the script in this repo. No individual tile can appear more than 10 to 20max times in the mosaic. Number of unique tiles: 500 minium

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Must be a 100x100 HTML mosaic using inscriptions as tiles (recursive), following the file format generated by the script in this repo. No individual tile can appear more than 20 times in the mosaic. Number of unique tiles: 500 minimum.
```
